{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Lucky Money & Red Packet
\f1\b0\fs30 \
 \
The pronunciation of Lucky Money in Chinese is 
\f2\i Ya Sui Qian
\f1\i0 , which means 
\f0\b The Money To Suppress 
\f3\i Sui
\f1\i0\b0 . What is 
\f2\i Sui
\f1\i0  exactly? It is said that the Lucky Money can suppress evil spirits, and 
\f2\i Sui
\f1\i0  is homonymous with a Chinese character which means 
\f0\b The Devil
\f1\b0 . The younger generation can spend a year safely after receiving the Lucky Money.\
\
Nowadays, Lucky Money is usually called *Red Packet* by Chinese people. Sending Red Packets is a custom of Chinese New Year. Chinese people like red because it symbolizes vitality, happiness and good luck.\
\
Handing out Red Packets to the younger generation is to bring wishes and good luck to them. The money in the Red Packet is just to make the children happy. Its main significance is in the red envelope, because it symbolizes good luck.\
\
\

\f0\b\fs40 iPhone come to the rescue!\

\f1\b0\fs30 \
Don't know when people around us began to use iPhones to send and receive Red Packets, but it was a wise decision. Due to the increasing tension of the global COVID-19 pandemic, relatives and friends can't get together at will. Therefore, we use iPhones to send our love.\
\
\

\f0\b Now, we're gonna learn how to send and receive a Red Packet.\
\

\f1\b0 You\'92ll have a chat with two people. One is 
\f0\b Alex
\f1\b0 ,
\f0\b  
\f1\b0 your best friend in college. The other is 
\f0\b Lisa
\f1\b0 , your girlfriend.
\f0\b \
\
Already interested? Let's dive in!}